-All right, one more from us.
-Oh.
(chuckles)
Oh, wow, Max, look.
Another plant.
Yeah, I might've gotten a little
carried away at the nursery.
Nurseries, plural,
and a few unattended gardens.
Okay, let me introduce you
to the gang.
Um, that's Leaf Garrett,
Alexander Hamil-stem
and Jane Fern-da.
And that's
Venus and Serena Flytrap.
And the fact that
neither of them are flytraps
does not bother me one bit.
-It bothers her a lot.
-It really does.
(chuckles)
Well, thank you, both.
I brought muffins,
but I didn't name 'em.
Makes 'em too hard to eat.
(chuckles)
I still regret
what I did to Gerald.
Katharine, come help me
open the wine I brought.
Isn't it a screw top?
Yes, and you have those
big, grippy hands.
Didn't see
your housewarming gift.
Was the six hours
of helping you move not enough?
You ate our pizza,
drank our beer
and then suddenly
had a "back spasm."
Okay, yeah, I'll swing by later
with a candle.
Oh, and nothing patchouli.
I do not want it smelling
like somebody named "Moonbeam"
lives here.
Oh, and if
we're making requests,
I prefer a reed diffuser.
Katharine, is there any chance
you and Oscar
can pull yourselves away from
your puzzle Friday night?
Uh, don't just assume
that's what we're doing
on a Friday night.
I'm sorry.
Uh, what were you going to do?
A puzzle.
But it's a 2,000-piecer,
-so it really kicks the night
into high gear.
-Oh.
I'm sure it does, sweetie.
I met a man at the supermarket,
and he asked me out.
What?
Wow. (chuckles)
"Pickup on aisle three."
(chuckles)
-Stop it.
-No.
I'm really proud of you
for getting back out there,
but what does this have to do
with me?
I was hoping you and Oscar
could join us.
Like a double date.
Why do you want me to come
on a first date with you?
I met him at the supermarket.
I don't know
anything about him.
He could be a homicidal maniac
or really into jazz.
Fine, we'll come.
Ah, wonderful. Oh.
Please send photos
of what you're planning to wear
by Thursday noon,
so I have time to give notes.
♪ Me, oh, my, oh, my, oh, me ♪
♪ Nothin' wrong with you
but I'd rather be me. ♪
(chuckles)
And there she was,
this beautiful redhead
picking up every single apple
in the produce aisle.
And what'd you end up buying?
-A pineapple.
-(laughs)
I asked her out
right then and there.
I like a woman who keeps me
on my toes.
Fun fact, uh, did you know
that the pineapple
is a symbol of hospitality?
Which is why there are carved
representations of them
in many hotels.
That is a fun fact.
Oh. No one ever thinks
my facts are fun.
I like him.
So, what do you do, Charles?
I own a chain
of local fast food restaurants
called Sergeant McCluck's.
I love Sergeant McCluck's.
But why is the Chicky-Chick
Sauce seasonal?
I think we can all agree that
every season is sauce season.
KAT:
Um, Oscar,
I don't think Charles
wants to spend
the whole evening
talking about work.
(chuckles)
Although I would appreciate it
if you could expand
the vegetarian menu.
A large bowl of coleslaw
does not a salad make.
-That's enough, you two.
-It's fine.
It's always nice
to meet a McCluckhead.
BOTH:
Cluck, cluck.
You know, we're thinking
about expanding to New York.
Oh, I love New York.
I lived there one summer.
It was just me, my cousin
and a young Annie Leibovitz.
Isn't that something?
(laughs):
It's something, all right.
A lie.
Where did you meet
Annie Leibovitz?
I met her during
a women's rights protest.
For or against?
For, of course.
We burned our bras together.
CHARLES:
You are just amazing.
I bet your bra burned brightest
of them all.
I'm not gonna lie,
Charles, it did.
(laughs)
(whispers):
What is happening?
I'm on it.
Hey, Chuck,
now that we're friends,
will you tell me
the secret ingredient
in the Chicky-Chick Sauce?
No can do.
(tongue clicks)
Is it grilled onions? Wink twice
if it's grilled onions.
Mm. Isn't this nice?
-And now we don't have to watch
movies on your tiny-ass screen.
-Mm-hmm.
I told you, if you sit closer,
it feels bigger.
-Yeah, you tell me that a lot.
-Hey-- Easy with that.
-People might not know
you joking.
-(laughs)
(chuckles)
Why is this in the couch?
Oh, that's Max's
back-scratching spoon.
-Oh, cool.
-Oh, and sometimes butt.
Dude!
Yeah, your boy has no respect
for common areas.
Like, why does he have to keep
every cabinet and drawer open?
Does he think the dishes
need to breathe?
Is the silverware
afraid of the dark?
Listen, okay, Max is my buddy.
I don't want...
And don't even get me started
on his phone voice.
Yeah, I want light sauce
on one half,
heavy sauce on the other half.
Heavy cheese on the light half
and light cheese
-on the heavy half.
-Uh, Max?
I'm trying to get some work
done. Can you keep it down?
Oh, yeah, sure.
No, no, no, no, no!
Okay, let me start over.
I want light sauce
on one half...
At this point,
I think the whole complex
knows his pizza order,
his credit card number
and that his mom
thinks her coworker Sharon
is sleeping with the boss.
To be fair,
that part's interesting.
I'll give you that. Max cannot
modulate his voice sometimes.
-I mean, have you heard him
try to whisper?
-No.
-That's 'cause he can't.
-(laughs)
Aww, thank you, it's so nice
to know that you have my back.
-Always.
-(bagpipe playing)
What in the hell is that?
Oh, did I forget
to mention the bagpipes?
Come on,
let's go watch the movie
on my laptop in my bathroom.
If we put a towel
at the bottom of the door,
it'll muffle the high notes.
Good God!
-Hey, Carter.
-Can you come out here?
We need to talk.
And can you shut up
the bagpipes?
It's like a thousand
dying goats.
I got another
kid's birthday gig.
(Scottish accent): Have you ever
seen the movie Brave?
(Scottish accent):
No.
(regular accent):
Me, neither, but apparently,
the princess in it is Scottish.
I lied and said
I could play the bagpipes.
I thought, "I'm musical,
how hard could it be?"
Turns out, very.
(regular accent):
That explains the kilt.
No, actually, it doesn't.
Oh, I'm just getting
into character.
(accent): And I like
to let my wee lads breathe.
Can you keep it down,
'cause you are
driving Randi nuts.
(regular accent):
Oh, I'm driving her nuts?
HOST (over device):
Welcome back to
Murder, Murder, Murder.
Last we left off,
the killer was disemboweling
the young housewife
with dull kitchen shears.
She pulled out her victim's
slippery, stringy intestines
and methodically piled them
on the floor,
placing her no-longer
beating heart on top.
Oh, yeah.
This gonna be a good one.
Plus, she eats all my junk food.
How am I supposed
to eat my feelings
with Randi's kale chips?
All right, man, look, I don't
want to get in the middle of...
And she leaves her painty-brush
water in coffee cups
all over the place.
I accidentally drank it.
It really didn't taste good.
Why wouldn't you look inside
the cup before you drink it?
'Cause it was my mug. It said
"World's Greatest Bartender."
Is Randi the world's
greatest bartender?
Are you?
This is on Randi, not me.
Okay, look, I will admit,
I mean,
Randi's true crime
podcasts make me nervous.
I mean, at one point,
I swear she was taking notes.
Exactly.
She's the problem, not me.
(shushes)
Randi will hear you.
It's fine, I'm whispering.
No. You're not.
This has been great.
You know, not many daughters
would go with their mother
on a first date.
Y'all must be close.
Mm. She's the Ethel to my Lucy.
Well, if anyone's Lucy, it's me.
-I'm the redhead.
-Ow, okay.
If you'll excuse me,
nature calls.
Actually, she called
20 minutes ago,
but I've been having
so much fun, I put her on hold.
-(laughter)
-I'll go with you.
I have a few questions
about your mascot.
Why does Sergeant McCluck
wear an eyepatch?
Was he wounded in the war?
-If so, which war?
-Uh...
I was nervous,
but he seems nice, right?
Yeah, and-and he seems
to really like you,
so I don't know why you feel
the need to lie to impress him.
What are you talking about?
Well, all those stories
from before,
like, New York,
A-Annie Leibovitz?
All those things are true.
You tried out to be
a Dallas Cowboys cheerleader?
Yes. Just because you don't
have hand-eye coordination
doesn't mean I don't.
How has none of this
ever come up before?
Well, we usually talk about you.
Which is fine.
It comes with the territory
of being a mom.
Sergeant McCluck doesn't
actually need an eyepatch.
He just wears one to look cool.
I know. I'm disappointed, too.
How was the double date
with your mom?
Oh, uh, the guy
was very charming.
Oscar is obsessed
with his sauce.
I will never say that
out loud again.
-(chuckles)
-And apparently,
my mother
has lived a whole secret life.
Ooh, was she a spy?
She has the cold indifference
of a spy.
She does speak a little Russian.
And she can knock back
a handle of vodka
faster than a college student.
KAT:
Who knows.
You could be right.
Turns out I know
very little about her.
I had no idea
she lived in New York.
Yeah, that's when she studied
with Bob Fosse.
-What?
-You know: "Hoom,
hoom, jazz."
I didn't even know
she was a dancer.
Oh, she stopped after she
broke her ankle at Woodstock.
What... She was at Woodstock?
Yeah, she hitchhiked there.
800 miles in a horse trailer.
How do you guys
know all of this?
I have a standing
coffee date with her.
She comes in for a drink
sometimes. We chat.
I always ask my elders
questions about their lives.
They're our living history.
What else don't I know?
Is she Banksy?
Was she on the grassy knoll?
No, but she did spend a weekend
at the Kennedy Compound.
She said nothing wild happened,
but come on, it's the Kennedys.
Do you know this kind of stuff
about your mom?
Oh, yeah, everything.
I mean,
since it's just the two of us,
we're really close.
Like, she's my mom,
but we're also friends.
You know?
Like the Gilmore Girls.
Seriously, man,
I never understand you.
I know too much about my mama.
That's what happens when
you have to sponge-bathe them.
You know, there are
so many things I wish I'd known
about my dad before he died.
Now I feel like I'm making
the same mistake
with the parent
who's still living.
So ask her about herself.
She'll love that.
Little tip: don't call her
an elder to her face.
Well, that I know.
Can you not shut a cabinet?
Maybe I was doing inventory
because someone
keeps stealing my cereal.
Now what am I supposed to do
with this bowl of milk?
Well, that's on you.
What kind of a psychopath
pours the milk first?
Phil, we got to figure this out.
I can't wait another
six months for that sauce,
I got a hankering I can't shake.
Does this one taste
Cluck-tastic?
Closer, but we're missing
the tanginess.
I love when you say "we"
when I'm the one
doing most
of the ding-dang work.
Sorry, I get ugly when
I'm trying to solve a mystery.
I almost stabbed Kat
during a game of Clue.
Hey, is this dress too much
for dinner with my mom?
How fancy is the restaurant?
Oh, it's the same place
we went with Charles.
I guess they carded her,
and in her words,
"I'd like to go back
for more of that."
It's perfect.
You look beautiful.
I'm kind of nervous. You know,
it's kind of like a blind date.
-I hope I like this Sheila.
-(chuckles)
Oh, you're gonna love her.
She's a hoot.
It's kind of exciting.
It's like starting
a whole new chapter
of our relationship.
Ooh, don't say "relationship"
on a first date,
you'll scare her off.
And be a gentleman.
Pull her chair out.
Ooh, and bring mints
in case things go well
and you get to smooching.
Okay, this bit's
gone far enough.
I felt that.
Pickles. It was pickles.
Phil, we cock-a-doodle-did it!
Ah, there's that
ding-dang "we" again.
Mmm, mmm, it's so good.
Oh, you want some bagpipes
with that?
(bagpipe playing)
Carter, Carter,
come in here and settle this.
Ugh, so close.
Hey. How's everyone doing?
-She keeps eating
all my junk food
-He won't stop with the bagpipes
-and putting the boxes
away empty.
-and he's been loud-talking
-Who does that?
-all over my apartment.
Okay.
Sounds like you both
have some valid concerns.
And Carter agrees with me.
He says that you talk too loud
and you suck at the bagpipes.
-(gasps)
-Okay, yeah, that's not
exactly what I...
Well, he told me
that your podcasts are dumb
and you might be a murderer.
-CARTER: Okay...
-(gasps)
That was taken out of context.
Well, what the hell
was the context?
Oh, hold on-- I refuse
to get in trouble for this.
You keep putting me
in the middle.
How am I supposed
to choose between
my girlfriend
and my best friend?
-You're both annoying.
-(both gasp)
And I'm not coming back here
until you two work this out.
(scoffs)
It's a lost cause, Carter.
Yeah, I'm never gonna get along
with Kilty McLoudass.
Actually,
you just gave me an idea.
Now, this is
the Get Along shirt.
Stephanie and I used it
in couples therapy
and because of it, our marriage
lasted two years longer
than it should have.
Now, you two are gonna
wear it until you figure out
how to get along.
We'll just take it off the
moment he walks out the door.
Yeah, you do that, and
neither of you are getting any.
Sex for you
and a paycheck for you.
(door closes)
How did he hear me?
I was whispering.
No, you were not.
Okay, so your favorite movie
is The Maltese Falcon, noted.
What's your favorite novel?
Lord of the Flies.
It reminds me of my time
on the pageant circuit.
Interesting, I'll reread it
with that in mind.
Uh, what about fears?
What's your biggest fear?
I don't know.
Spiders and the middle seat
on an airplane.
Okay, here's a big one:
What's one thing you would
change about your life
-if you could?
-Agreeing to this dinner.
I feel like you've spent
the whole time
interrogating me.
I'm not interrogating you.
I'm just asking
very pointed questions
to get information that you've
never disclosed to me before.
Well, I'm exhausted, and we're
only on the first course.
Where is this coming from?
I'm worried
you could die tomorrow
and I'll never know
your natural hair color.
That one I'm taking
to the grave.
Which apparently is coming
sooner than I thought.
I'm sorry.
This is all coming out wrong.
I'm trying to get to know you.
I thought this would be fun.
Mm, yes, because being reminded
of my own mortality
always puts me
in a festive mood.
Come on, everybody else
knows your history but me.
I mean, were you
the fifth Beatle?
Are you a spy? Some people
think you might be a spy.
Oh, honey,
now you're being ridiculous.
Fine, I just, I won't ask
any more questions.
-Fine.
-(slurps)
Don't slurp, Katharine.
I-I'm just enjoying
my soup, Mother.
Does the whole restaurant
need to know that?
This is why we'll never
be the Gilmore Girls.
You'd rather criticize who I am
than talk to me.
Good Lord,
you act like slurping soup
is an inherent part
of your personality.
Maybe it is.
Hi, I'm Tom, I'll be taking
over for Sarah.
How's everything so far?
Great, Tom.
Could I please get
a gin martini?
Of course.
Uh, did you need to see my ID?
No.
(stifled laugh)
I liked Sarah better.
Do you think he's gone?
Maybe he's standing
outside the door.
BOTH:
Ow!
I'll do it.
I just got to get my eye
to the hole.
-Don't mansplain peepholes
to me.
-(grunts)
He's gone.
All right, I'm taking this off.
What-what,
and messing up my hair?
-Absolutely not.
We are cutting this off.
-Okay.
Wait, w... Where are you going?
-(grunts) To get the scissors.
-No, but they're in the kitchen.
No, they're in the couch.
-Wait, why?
-I was trimming.
What-what were you...
Oh, never mind,
I don't even want to know.
(grunts)
-Goodness, get it...
-(grunts)
Who does Carter think he is,
putting us on a time-out?
I know, right?
Like he's so great.
Maybe he should
look in the mirror.
-Which he does all the time.
-(chuckles)
And it's not just mirrors,
it's any reflective surface.
Glass, spoon, puddle of water,
puddle of beer.
He's really into puddles.
(laughs)
Hey, you ever notice
that when Carter drinks
soda water, that he swishes it
around in his mouth
before he swallows it?
Yes. I've asked him about that,
and he said it's to get
the bubbles out.
-Then why not just drink
regular water?
-(both laugh)
(sighs)
Look,
I've only ever lived with women
who were charmed by me.
My mom thought
my quirks were cute,
and Brigitte would forgive them
if we showered together.
You know, this is all new to me.
It's not just on you.
I really wanted to live alone,
so, I think even
if you were perfect,
I'd still find stuff
to complain about.
Well, that explains
why you were being so harsh
-about my bagpipes.
-Oh, no, no, no.
That was a perfectly
appropriate reaction.
I guess this is gonna be
a bigger adjustment
than we both thought.
I'm willing to meet you halfway.
Me too.
You know what?
I promise, from now on,
I will leave you
half of your cookies.
-And I will close
half of your cabinets.
-(chuckles) Deal.
-Should we toast to it?
-Yeah, I'll grab some beers.
Oh, I got it.
Wh... Why did you...
You know what? Who cares.
You got some chips in here?
Hey, why are you slowing down?
You usually take stop signs
as a suggestion.
I want to show you something.
You see that house?
That's where my high school
boyfriend lived.
I used to sneak out,
scale that tree
and climb in that window
just to see him.
Bet Grandma didn't like that.
Yeah, most of the time she
didn't even realize I was gone.
-Really?
-(sighs)
I used to do anything
to try to get her to notice me.
Even winning all those pageants
didn't get her attention.
Is that why you got into them?
At first.
But I kept at it 'cause
I look damn good in a tiara.
You really do.
You definitely upstaged me
at my bat mitzvah.
Thank you.
Look, the point is,
my mom knew nothing about me.
That's why I was happy to sit
back and listen to my daughter,
and not talk about myself.
Well, you definitely paid
attention to me. (chuckles)
Some might say
hawk-like attention.
(chuckles)
I might have overcorrected.
Little bit.
Being a mother is hard.
You'll see when you have
your own child.
Which you should really
get a move on, Katharine.
Modern medicine has its limits.
Mother.
Okay.
Why don't we get dinner
once a month?
Just us.
I'd love that.
Me too.
That's where my best friend,
Donna Simpson, lived.
Oh, she was such a bitch.
Hey, now, this is what
I like to see.
Yep, your Get Along shirt
worked.
And I'm sorry we put you in
the middle. That was not cool.
Oh, it's okay, I'm just happy
I helped you two bond.
Sure did.
(chuckles)
Doesn't it taste exactly
the same as Sergeant McCluck's?
Some would say even better.
It does taste exactly the same.
Hey, ooh.
You've been served.
A cease and desist letter?
Dang, I knew we shouldn't
have bragged about
our copycat recipe online.
And I thought TikTok
was a safe space.
This is me at Woodstock.
Oh, I forgot how good I look
in bell-bottoms.
You're not wearing a shirt.
Sweetheart, with boobs
like that, why would I?
What... What is this?
The remains of my wedding dress.
What happened to it?
Your father ripped it off me
before the rice hit the ground.
Okay, little TMI.
Well, what do you expect?
We waited till marriage,
so he was like a wild animal...
Okay, no more Sheila,
go back to Mom, go back to Mom.
♪ ♪
♪ I don't want to know
this ending ♪
♪ Doesn't matter anyway ♪
♪ I can get a little bit crazy ♪
♪ I can be a little too hot ♪
♪ Time to bust out, baby ♪
♪ Even if we go too far  ♪
♪ I'm moving on ♪
♪ And on and on and on
and on and on and on ♪
-♪ Let's go ♪
-♪ On, on, on and on
and on and on. ♪
Captioning sponsored by
WARNER BROS. TELEVISION
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org